suddendly don't cast the bells at Henton
center the host needing a win to clinch
the WSL to crown against their near his
challengers a crowd of nearly 1200
turned out to try and roar on the lady
blackcats to the title and promotion
order nearly ahead early rachel furnaces
effort knocked off the line by Bethany
England set plays were causing the bells
big problems another scramble but
neither hey Dee sharp nor Kira Ramshaw
had forced the ball in it seemed only a
matter of time until Sunderland scored
and on the quarter hour they did defend
the Victoria Williams with the
inadvertent assist the lady blackcats
top scorer Beth me
- dong casters credit they tried to hit
back almost immediately sue Smith held
the ball up well and laid it back to
Williams whose cross found Sigsworth
just too high from the midfielder
someone's still unbeaten in the league
this term continue to dominate
possession and create the 9 share of
chances
Sophia Williams took aim from distance
always clearing Nicola hops bar but
whatever Doncaster boss called the
Stanley forth said to his players at the
break clearly stirred them into action
Courtney Sweetman Kirk
they've Rachel was her first serious
test of the match
not that Sunland weren't still a threat
themselves going forward some lovely
skill from Abby Joyce set up an
opportunity for a ram short you got the
power but not the direction but now most
of the action was at the other end many
bright free kick bruised the bar though
laws might claim she had it covered but
she was beaten just fast the hour
Williams with a teasing cross from the
left six worth and Sweetland Kirk
arrives simultaneously but it was the
former who powered in the header
one one would have delayed Sutherlands
title but almost certainly only
temporarily
don't cast that knew they had to win and
they were shooting from everywhere
bright just white the bells attacking
approach inevitably left them a little
light at the back and they got a let off
when someone missed a glorious chance
Joyce with a clever one - with Mead
which he couldn't find a finish and then
seven minutes from time Doncaster won it
Smith spotted Ashley Mills heading for
the byline and the sub pull the ball
back perfectly for Williams to score -
on it finished sunland's unbeaten record
their history and the champagne stays
firmly on ice they must win their last
two games to guarantee the title